specify that the scm guide is for self-hosted ghe only (#675)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-app/scm.md

Semgrep App's Team and Enterprise tiers support repositories hosted on **GitHub Enterprise (GHE)** and **GitLab Self Managed (GLSM)** plans. When referring to SCM tools, this term means explicitly GHE or GLSM plans in this document.

:::note

> This document covers the enablement of features for GitHub Enterprise **self-hosted** plans. For users of GitHub Enterprise **Cloud** plans, see [Getting started with Semgrep App](/docs/semgrep-app/getting-started-with-semgrep-app).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document covers the enablement of features for GitHub Enterprise **Server** plans. For users of GitHub Enterprise **Cloud** plans, see [Getting started with Semgrep App](/docs/semgrep-app/getting-started-with-semgrep-app).

```

:::

## Prerequisites

> You need the following permissions to integrate Semgrep into GHE Self-Hosted or GLSM servers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need the following permissions to integrate Semgrep into GHE Server or GLSM servers:

```

Semgrep App requires PATs with assigned scopes. These scopes grant necessary permissions to the PAT and vary depending on the user's SCM.

> | GitHub Enterprise Self-Hosted          | GitLab Self-Managed        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GitHub Enterprise Server          | GitLab Self-Managed        |

```

</div>

3. Select your SCM provider.

> 4. For **GitHub Enterprise Self-Hosted**, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For **GitHub Enterprise Server**, follow these steps:

```

    1. Create a PAT by following the steps outlined in this [guide to creating a PAT](https://docs.github.com/en/enterprise-server@3.1/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/creating-a-personal-access-token). Ensure that the PAT is **[created with the required scopes](../scm/#table-of-required-scopes-for-pats)**.
    2. Enter the personal access token generated into the **Access Token** field.

>     3. Enter your GHE Self-Hosted base URL into the **SCM Base URL**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    3. Enter your GHE Server base URL into the **SCM Base URL**.

```
